federalist 27 the same subject continued
the idea of restraining the legislative
authority in regard to the common
defense considered
from the new york packet tuesday
december 25th
1787 hamilton to the people of the state
of new york
it has been urged in different shapes
that a constitution of the kind proposed
by the convention cannot operate without
the aid of a military force to execute
its laws
this however like most other things that
have been alleged on that side
rests on mere general assertion
unsupported by any precise or
intelligible designation of the reasons
upon which it is founded
as far as i have been able to divine the
latin meaning of the objectors
it seems to originate in a
presupposition that the people will be
disinclined
the exercise of federal authority in any
matter of an internal nature
waiving any exception that might be
taken to the inaccuracy or
inexplicitness of the distinction
between internal and external
let us inquire what ground there is to
presuppose that disinclination in the
people
unless we presume at the same time that
the powers of the general government
will be worse administered than those of
the state government
there seems to be no room for the
presumption of ill will disaffection or
opposition in the people i believe it
may be laid down as a general rule that
their confidence in and obedience to a
government will commonly be proportioned
to the goodness or badness of its
administration
it must be admitted that there are
exceptions to this rule but these
exceptions depend so entirely on
accidental causes that they cannot be
considered as having any relation to the
intrinsic merits or demerits of a
constitution
these can only be judged of by general
principles and maxims
various reasons have been suggested in
the course of these papers
to induce a probability that the general
government will be better administered
than the particular governments
the principle of which reasons are that
the extension of the spheres of election
will present a greater option or
latitude of choice to the people
that through the medium of the state
legislatures which are select bodies of
men
and which are to appoint the members of
the national synod there is reason to
expect that this branch will generally
be composed with peculiar care and
judgment that these circumstances
promise greater knowledge and more
extensive information in the national
councils
and that there will be less act to be
tainted by the spirit of faction
and more out of the reach of those
occasional ill humors or temporary
prejudices and propensities which in
smaller societies frequently contaminate
the public councils beget injustice and
oppression of a part of the community
and engender schemes which though they
gratify a momentary inclination or
desire
terminate in general distress
dissatisfaction and disgust
several additional reasons of
considerable force to fortify that
probability will occur when we come to
survey with a more critical eye the
anterior structure of the edifice which
we are invited to erect
it will be sufficient here to remark
that until satisfactory reasons can be
assigned to justify an opinion
that the federal government is likely to
be administered in such a manner as to
render it odious or contemptible to the
people
there can be no reasonable foundation
for the supposition that the laws of the
union will meet with any greater
obstruction from them or will stand in
need of any other methods to enforce
their execution
than the laws of the particular members
the hope of impunity is a strong
incitement to sedition
the dread of punishment a proportionably
strong discouragement to it
will not the government of the union
which if possessed of a due degree of
power
can call to its aid the collective
resources of the whole confederacy
be more likely to repress the former
sentiment and inspire the latter
than that of a single state which can
only command the resources within itself
a turbulent faction in a state may
easily suppose itself able to contend
with the friends to the government in
that state but it can hardly be so
infatuated as to imagine itself a match
for the combined efforts of the union
if this reflection be just there is less
danger of resistance from irregular
combinations of individuals to the
authority of the confederacy than to
that of a single member
i will in this place hazard an
observation which will not be the less
just because to some
it may appear new which is that the more
the operations of the national authority
are intermingled in the ordinary
exercise of government the more the
citizens are accustomed to meet with it
and the common occurrences of their
political life the more it is
familiarized to their sight and their
feelings
the further it enters into those objects
which touch the most sensible chords and
put in motion the most
active springs of the human heart the
greater will be the probability that it
will conciliate the respect and
attachment of the community
man is very much a creature of habit a
thing that rarely strikes his senses
will generally have but little influence
upon his mind
a government continually at a distance
and out of sight can hardly be expected
to interest the sensations of the people
the inference is that the authority of
the union and the affections of the
citizens towards it
will be strengthened rather than
weakened by its extension to what are
called matters of internal concern
and will have less occasion to recur to
force in proportion to the familiarity
and comprehensiveness
of its agency the more it circulates
through those channels and currents in
which the passions of mankind naturally
flow
the less it will require the aid of the
violent and perilous expedience of
compulsion
one thing at all events must be evident
that a government like the one proposed
would bid much fairer to avoid the
necessity of using force than that
species of league contend for by most of
its opponents
the authority of which should only
operate upon the states in their
political or collective capacities
it has been shown that in such a
confederacy there can be no sanction for
the laws
but force that frequent delinquencies in
the members are the natural offspring of
the very frame of the government
and that as often as these happen they
can only be redressed if at all by war
and violence
the plan reported by the convention by
extending the authority of the federal
head to the individual citizens of the
several states will enable the
government to employ the ordinary
magistracy of each
in the execution of its laws it is easy
to perceive that this will tend to
destroy in the common apprehension
all distinction between the sources from
which they might proceed
and will give the federal government the
same advantage for securing a due
obedience to its authority which is
enjoyed by the government of each state
in addition to the influence on public
opinion
which will result from the important
consideration of its having power to
call to its assistance and support the
resources of the whole union
it merits particular attention in this
place that the laws of the confederacy
as to the enumerated and legitimate
objects of its jurisdiction will become
the supreme law of the land
to the observation of which all officers
legislative executive and judicial in
each state will be bound by the sanctity
of an oath
thus the legislature's courts and
magistrates of their respective members
will be incorporated into the operations
of the national government
as far as its just and constitutional
authority extends
and will be rendered auxiliary to the
enforcement of its laws
the sophistry which has been employed to
show that this will tend to the
destruction of the state governments
will
in its will in its proper place be fully
detected
any man who will pursue by his own
reflections the consequences of this
situation
will perceive that there is good ground
to calculate upon a regular and
peaceable execution of the laws of the
union
if its powers are administered with a
common share of prudence
if we will arbitrarily suppose the
contrary we may deduce any inference as
we please from the supposition
for it is certainly possible by an
injudicious exercise of the authorities
of the best government that ever was
or ever can be instituted to provoke and
precipitate the people into the wildest
excesses
but though the adversaries of the
proposed constitution should presume
that the national rulers would be
insensible to the motives of public good
or to the obligations of duty i would
still ask them how the interests of
ambition or the views of encroachment
can be promoted by such a conduct
publius